hello everyone welcome to film time today
let's watch a fantasy movie the hidden wall
a woman who remained by a calendar began to
record what she encountered in the recent years
however since she has been alone for so long
she gradually loses track of how much memory
in her head is real before the accident the
preoccupied woman was warmly invited by mr
and mrs linda to a cabin in the woods at the
foot of the alps after arriving at 3 pm the old
couple went shopping for some supplies they
wanted to go back before the sky went dark
however until the woman went to sleep that
night she didn't see the old couple return
the next day the woman woke up to find
that the old couple left the dog luxe has
been digging up the door she was worried she
took lux towards the direction of the village
walking along the mountain road the woman
soon heard lux's whale when she called lutz
to continue she found a transparent wall that
didn't seem to exist on the sunny mountain road
the woman wanted to move forward but the
wall that she touched made her into confusion
after repeatedly confirming that she could not
leave she decided to temporarily return to the hut
to her delight she found another inhabited
hut on the halfway she wanted to go ask
for help but she found that she was still
separated from the hut by a hidden barrier
the couple in front of the house was as
if they were frozen staying in a strange
state of stillness such an encounter
makes the woman don't know what to do
in the company of her dog lux she returned
to the mountain trail for confirmation
after finding that the hidden wall still
existed he returned to the cabin in the woods
with doubt and helplessness she had a nightmare of
being trapped in the cabin by the hidden wall dot
in order to find out the scope of the hidden wall
the woman began to drive on the mountain road
on the way she saw a jeep
abandoned on the side of the road
as she drove toward the car with excitement she
hit the hidden wall since she didn't slow down
the impact broke her head in a trance she was
once again swallowed by the emotion of despair
in order to escape the fear brought by the hidden
wall the woman has been trying to numb herself
with work for the past 10 days after experiencing
conflicts and struggles the woman eventually
decided to live for the dog lux and the cowbella
as mr and mrs linda prepare enough food in the hut
the woman started planting and working for her
future survival before long she found a kitten in
the rain with the company of these small animals
the woman began to have a spiritual support
since the woman did not know how to use
a gun her first attempt to hunt failed
and she got knocked on the head by the recoil she
did not get discouraged she followed the dog to
the crashed car she found a map in the car the
map led her to a hunting lodge located higher up
after a night of trekking the woman
saw a lumber truck in the woods
and not surprisingly she was still separated
from the lumber truck by a hidden wall
after arriving at the hunting lodge in the
mountain the woman generally understood the
situation around as far as the eye can see
there seems to be no trace of anyone alive
after packing up the available things in the
hut the woman rested for a while under the
warm sunlight when she woke up again it was
already late and she could only return to
the old couple's hut before dark it wasn't long
before the woman began to write through writing
she can not only record her life in the hidden
wall but also tried to relieve her depression
besides her hunting skills were improving and
she was able to catch the prey in the woods
the kitten he took in at first gave birth to
a pure white cub the woman named the new life
pearl it was pearl's birth that made the
woman realize she must be responsible for
these forests which brought her hope she began
to work hard and cultivate more crops and lands
in addition to the fatigue and pain caused by the
work the existence of the hidden wall also let
the woman fell into deep sadness fortunately with
the desire for life and the love for these small
animals the woman became strong again she stocked
up on more supplies and more abundant ingredients
however there's no one she could communicate
with this unresolved anguish was soon deluded by
the optimism and simplicity of the dog luxury the
life in the woods was not as peaceful as the woman
had expected as the winter ends the hot summer
brings more worries the nightly remembrance of
the sound of deer and the death of the kitten
made the woman's nights even more difficult
with winter coming again the woman rethought the
meaning of life in the snowy sky and such thinking
changed her perspective on life the belly of the
cow bella gradually became bigger it makes the
woman feel hope again unfortunately the woman who
hunted in the cold became ill in the winter days
and once again fell in boredom and helplessness
to the woman's relief bella soon gave birth to
a young bull the rotation of life made the woman
more dependent on the presence of the dog luxury
as the season changed the woman packed up some of
her belongings and brought her companions to the
summer pasture in this wonderful place the woman
felt the joy that nature brought to her again
also the life of a dog a cat and two cows allowed
her to immerse herself in this pleasant time
the unpolluted paradise the bright starry
sky and the time that seems to stop all let
the woman felt a sense of peace and happiness
therefore she stopped her daily writing sinking
herself into living with this world however this
kind of life didn't stop the change from coming
as she moved back from the summer pasture
she began to keep the diary regularly again
she found that her memory could not
correspond to his previous records
the woman gradually lost track of the changes in
time as she lived day after day and worked year
after year then he suddenly found a flock of crows
on the tree outside the house among these crows a
white crow appeared so out of place the woman
seemed to feel some kind of resonance of life
she began to use her own food waste to help the
little guy who was rejected by his peers survive
the winter this tacit understanding and the
tranquility of life let her ignore the existence
of the hidden wall however the quiet and peaceful
life was soon broken by an intruder the bull which
was already an adult was killed lux also fell in
a pool of blood under the man's frenzied attack
because she hadn't seen any humans for a long time
by the time the woman took up her weapon and shot
the intruder dead lux was no longer alive after
carrying lux to the top of the hill for burial
the woman rolled the man's body down the slope
in addition she also pacified the restless bella
the loss of lux not only made the woman's
life lost a certain joy and passion
but her soul also seems to be missing falling
into depression after a long period of pain
the woman finally regained her composure she
chose to continue facing the future life bravely
however with all the paper being used up
the woman can no longer record her life
at this time the sky is still bright she
only had a carefree cat in front of her
and the silence of the loss of luxury although
the bull pearl and lux had left him once she saw
the group of crows circling outside the house the
woman knew that the white crow that had long been
familiar with her would continue to wait for
her under the tree well that's it for today's
video if you like the video please don't forget
to subscribe and like and i'll see you next time